[Monitor] Breaking change update Managed Identity (#26376)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Monitor/DataCollectionRule.Autorest/docs/New-AzDataCollectionEndpoint.md

# New-AzDataCollectionEndpoint

## SYNOPSIS

> create a data collection endpoint.

Reviewer: The first letter is updated with lower case for all the changes.

Author: The issue here is due to a problem caused by an update to autorest tool, and Beisi is in the process of modifying the code that is causing the issue.

Reviewer: Please manually update them all for now.

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableSystemAssignedIdentity

> Decides if enable a system assigned identity for the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decides whether to enable a system assigned identity for the resource.
```

Author: Update this descriptions.
